thank you so much I couldn't be happier
I'll meet you I'll meet you there I'll
be done leaving five minutes then come
in Berlin was on its way right now hey
Neil Patrick hey great job unbelievable
you killed it I really the Oscars are
dead now nobody can host them again oh
you're so sweet thanks again and good
luck to you tonight are you ready
no almost the most is one thing I gotta
do beforehand hey do you remember the
first time we met
I'm so - party Christmas party yes
that's right that's right in two
thousand two three yeah two thousand
three white elephant gift exchange yeah
you brought something to the white
elephant and I wound up with it and I
was going through my hope chest today
and I hung on to it you recognize this
wow it's like that's crazy that you
still have that yeah because you're here
I figured you know we never know when
you might want to use it and you know
here we are I thought I might use it now
now yeah now you know you can't redeem
them 12 years later you can't really is
that in the fine print because I didn't
see any fine print and I'm sure the
police would be very interested to know
that you're passing up all these coupons
it's called fraud I understand are you
passing up all this not I'm not okay
well then maybe we should redeem these
all right great what would you like to
redeem I would like one free hug so
that's nice I would give me some
confidence tonight good you deserve it
thank you very much coming it away one
moment I really could use one free
compliment I you look fine
much of a compliment is hoping for
something more substantial you're a very
sweet man you're talented and you're
kind and I actually do enjoy spending
time with you hmm
that one was crazy I'm glad
so thanks Jimmy oh yeah I got a yeah
well I got another coupon it's one free
home-cooked meal what we're not even in
a home this is my dressing room so
hungry
there's not even I'm not picky I'll take
anything
there's here no peanuts and some vodka
yes I will take those things thank you
very much
whoa look at the time hang on here one
second okay oh my god okay one last
coupon free night of babysitting tonight
yes it's our problem Jimmy I'm on my way
to the Vanity Fair party I'm on my way
to do a show you saw the legal document
here okay sign the legal document so
this is Apollonia
she needs to be fed every two hours by
breasts so so so so much thanks so much
you